In this lesson, we'll first learn what user behaviors and
characteristics often lead to different product and feature usage patterns,
and discuss how those types of user behaviors and
characteristics can be used in segment analysis.
Identifying potential segments of interest in a data provides product managers
the information we need to apply a user segment view to our analysis.
In the second part of this lesson,
we'll learn how to apply segment analysis to user conversion funnels.
We'll discuss what data patterns provide evidence that cohorts are
performing differently and when further research would be a good next step.
In the third and final part of this lesson,
we'll learn how to apply user segment analysis to the analysis of feature usage.
As with funnel analysis,
we'll discuss what data patterns provide
evidence that different types of users are performing differently.
We'll learn when further research at
a user segment level would be a good next step for improving a feature.